You can do such a shameless thing
He's no ordinary scumbag
Nowadays, people are becoming more and more immoral
People like him should be arrested and sentenced
Obviously you are shameless
Now it's back
Come on, I'll kill you, open the door
You hit your mother-in-law and I'll freeze to death, believe it or not?
Fight your husband's mother
Lei Feng, you are crazy
He actually hit me and scolded him
Beating his mother-in-law in public
Is there anyone more animal than him?
No wonder they don't give him a pay card
It seems that this family has been abused by him a lot
I will go
Do you dare?
Lei Feng, you are too much.
excessive
You didn't hear what your dad just said and did, did you?
How did you become like this?
Once upon a time, you were filial to your parents
It's very nice to me too.
Up until now, you not only divorced me, but also beat my mother
What's wrong with you? I'm leaving
I am thanks to your whole family
Give me back my salary
Why don't you take revenge and give it back to me
Give it back to me ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ahhhhh